Add gRPC transformer example (#98)
kserve/website: docs/modelserving/v1beta1/transformer/torchserve_image_transformer/README.md

docker push {username}/image-transformer:latest
```

## Deploy the InferenceService with REST Predictor

### Create the InferenceService
Please use the [YAML file](./transformer.yaml) to create the `InferenceService`, which includes a Transformer and a PyTorch Predictor.

By default `InferenceService` uses `TorchServe` to serve the PyTorch models and the models are loaded from a model repository in KServe example gcs bucket according to `TorchServe` model repository layout.
The model repository contains a mnist model but you can store more than one models there.

```yaml
apiVersion: serving.kserve.io/v1beta1
kind: InferenceService
metadata:
  name: torch-transformer
spec:
  predictor:
    pytorch:
      storageUri: gs://kfserving-examples/models/torchserve/image_classifier
  transformer:
    containers:
      - image: kserve/grpc-image-transformer:latest
        name: kserve-container
        command:
          - "python"
          - "-m"
          - "model"
        args:
          - --model_name
          - cifar10
```

!!! note

>     `STORAGE_URI` environment variable is a build-in env to inject the storage initializer for custom container just like `StorageURI` field for prepackaged predictors,
> the downloaded artifacts are stored under `/mnt/models`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `STORAGE_URI` environment variable is a built-in env variable used to inject the storage initializer for custom containers just like `StorageURI` field for prepackaged predictors.
    The downloaded artifacts are stored under `/mnt/models`.
```
